How to Heal addictions. (LEGAL DISCLAIMER) PRAY TO JESUS 1st A MUST DO. Remember 1 John 1, Jesus Christ is in the flesh.


Legal Disclaimer . Higher Level Drugs Above smoking and alcohol you must go to REHAB NO MATTER WHAT. I take no responsibility for your choices. Alcohol you may need help from a professional. Pray and ask holy spirit as in the prayer doc. Remember 1 John 1, Jesus Christ is in the flesh. Can include psych wards meds, some addictive meds (pray about it.)

https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=James%204&version=NKJV


Pray a FULL PISTUO PRAYER WITH JAMES 4 and talk to Jesus / Holy spirit to Heal it and never do the drug again.

Remove abusers (see abuse docs) and people from your life and pray for new people in your life to make you feel better.


Removing the fellow helpers or drug dealers to them is a big WIN and a must do.




Legal Disclaimer. Recommended you go on psych meds for higher level drugs most pray about it.

DO THE MENTAL ILLNESS LIST AS YOU HAVE A MENTAL ILLNESS MOST LIKELY FOR higher level drugs.

 
Here is the SOP way to heal yourself from addictions but please 

1. Submit to God. Resist the devil and he will flee from you. 


Submit to God. (Repent and turn from SIN.) Use your authority and fight the devil (Be far from me devil in jesus name ty jesus as example.)

and he will flee from you. 

THE DOING PART
2. Draw near to God and He will draw near to you. Cleanse your hands, you sinners; and purify your hearts, you double-minded.


Singing, Reading, Talking, doing the bible and not sinning is drawing near to god, Humble people are most loved by God in favour as its an Attitude.



THE DOING PART
KEY THING TO DO 9 Lament and mourn and weep! - This is the humbling yourself. Its hard when you smile and feel nothing to do this. Its ok. 


Do this if you cannot weep.


Tell God for any sin you have you are sorry and have a chat about how your life is and where you want it to be.


God loves you not the demons in you.


When talking to God, humbling yourself = 
1. Bowing to him
2. Proselyting or laying on your face to him talking to him your mind.
3. Short fast of an 1 hour can help. Milk, water and tea is fine.
4. Saying your sorry to God. 
5. Wearing less posh clothing is ok.
6. Crying and weeping the best you.

May need multiple sessions of this depending on holy spirit.

If you feel restlessness or a feeling like you need to go do a drug or something. That's a lust spirit pushing you to your vice or drug. (Not always demons)

Restlessness you cannot sit still and you get agitated.

THE DOING PART
Let your laughter be turned to mourning and your joy to gloom. 10 Humble yourselves in the sight of the Lord, and He will lift you up.



