Hebrews 11 - Pray about it. (Not based on prov) I do this mentally and variations are accepted 


Perception? - How you see your life or situation.

Why do you see life as lesser when you can be more?

You are more loved by God than you know. You can achieve anything with Christ Jesus. Go for it. Father loves your as a Father. Your his little kid.\


Daughter. Father loves you or Father himself loves you.
Son. Father loves you or Father himself loves you.

God is love or as I like to say it.

Jehovah is unconditional love but my favour is different based on your sins or ancestral sins. Do biblical healing. See folder.

What do you see in your eyes of life?


Can you change what you see?

Yes. It's Biblical healing.


When you think of a good idea do you get a bad feeling or see things or think things that you cannot go do what you want?



When you say. I want to be something.

Something = Artist.
Something = Entrepreneur
Something = Your idea to achieve.



Do you come up with a excuse in seeing alot of problems instead of seeing solutions to these things.



Well either overload yourself or slowly fix the issues and overcome these things.



See a balance. See pros and cons and do the analysis. Pray bout it and do Pistuo. Faith + Action + No doubt and unbelief.


It's just a T on a page.


Pros on the left and con's and do the pros outnumber or outweigh the cons.



Change your attitudes to life with a extremely positive relationship with God, prayer, doing the word positive experiences and deliverance


You are more capable than you are led to believe?

What did you not know you could do when you are younger that now you can do.

If this bums you out because it's still the same.


Feeling like I do not wanna live or its hopeless = Deliverance.


Low risk, high reward mentally works well.


What do you have to lose.


Quit your complaining and pray them or complain in your mind.

Fight club - A man who has nothing to lose has everything to gain. Don't fight a dead man.


Don't be dead whilst your living. Be dead when your dead. 

Eat your perception well and alter your realty based on your diet.


What do you see? Do it.

Peace to you like the writers of the bible?

See how this works?


My word does not ever return void and I always do as I say - Christ Jesus.


You do not know what you are missing in life without Jesus. It's just simple faith on his death on the cross and my existence.

I really want you to join me in heaven. Fear not.



I have many benefits. Seek me and you shall find me. 


Seek me dilligenly and you be rewarded well.



Keep reading the bible and do not give up.


:) Be happy all. God loves you. Rejection is a liar and the Devil (The opponent of humanity or accuser of the brethren)


 