Hebrews 11 - Pray about it.


Well. I want to do this.

I want to do this.
I want to do this.

I want to do this.


I told them all. Many times

I want to do this.
I want to do this.


They told me I should not do this. 

To live my life like they had envisioned. 


Do not be foolish to not take that risk. Do the praying and wisdom seeking before you take your path.



I do not meet your life standards. I am my own human being with my own vision for my life let alone meaning and purpose.


So i told them my goals and vision but they did not help to my goals as they were in it for their own gain.


Well. Pray to discern how to see if they're a benefit to reaching your goals. Father God is always for your benefit and a blessing to your life even if its a hard chat.

Isn't God - What then shall we say of these things? If God be for us, who can be against us? romans 8:31

Aren't you weak or lacking in which areas in your own sight but how?

Didn't you know that -  But my God shall supply all your need according to his riches in glory by Christ Jesus. Philippians 4:19

Well.

Through God we shall do valiantly: For he it is that shall tread down our enemies. Psalms 60:12


You are a More than a conqueror in Christ Jesus? - Romans 8:31-39


Well. Life doesn't change if you don't take action. If you do not take action not much changes. As the saying goes which I think mr theo said.

Nothing changes if nothing changes.

Be accountable. Diligent and consciousness in acquiring wealth. It starts with your soul prospering 1st and your internal world as full deliverance = easier to achieve your goals and live life better. :) 


Not knowing these things? Pray for it? It's simply the same? Pray for it and take action - Pistuo. Faith + No doubt and unbelief + Action.



You work, They speak. You dream. You take action, their sharp mouths try to stop you let alone hinder you.


Why tell them your goals but instead speak to father to bring your those people who will help you to your goals.

Bring your life to your version of success. It's in your destiny in Eph 1. You are a future, destiny in Christ. What is it? Your choice and God's will.

Think on this

Do you Ponder the path of your feet; then all your ways will be sure. Prov 4:26

Remember with this Thy word is a lamp unto my feet and a light unto my path. Psalm 119:105 What is this?  






Do not think of all you could be and do no praying or action on these things. It's Gathering little by little and yet bet amazed that your life changed.

Do you dream of your life and do nothing on this but years later see that you are not what you wanted to be? Looking back in the past where I should of been. Upset, depressed and wishing I could live up to who i wanted to be? I used to be this before I learnt a bit about life.


The best way to avoid jealousy in my experience. I was jealous how I could not get what i wanted from where My aim was to where i ended up to  due going completely mentally ill. Yet I am fully healed of that. Thanks to Jesus. It's Possible. 

Not that corny, cheesy shit that do what you love or you can be anything you wanna be.

Do what is hard and gets you to live that life that you. You can be anything you wanna be if you chose so.

Choices matter. 


So - Focus inward - No beam in your eye before you take the beam out of others. If you focus on yourself you will not care about what others have or say. As you gradually change your life. Sucks when life sucks at least you can change it. 

It Will change. See mountain will move in sermans.

You are the sum off your past choices in the present.
Your present determines your future.
Your future becomes your present based off your past choices.

Figure this out. 



Philippians 3:13-14   

13 Brethren, I count not myself to have apprehended: but this one thing I do, forgetting those things which are behind, and reaching forth unto those things which are before,
14 I press toward the mark for the prize of the high calling of God in Christ Jesus.

Hint. Live in the present.

If you 


mat 6:33

But seek first the kingdom of God and his righteousness, and all these things will be added to you. (THIS IS NOT THE MAINSTEAM PROSPERITY GOSPEL) Pray about that.

See kingdom of God in sermans (TBA)


Life is changing when you look back based on this serman?

Did it? Let's see if you do the word.


Soon. See sowing and reaping.txt


been shuffling my feet with the bible versions and i just focused up, way too much LOL 
