Hebrews 11 / Pray about it.

Psalm 103:2 - Praise the LORD, my soul, and forget not all his benefits

I am what I am today as I chose to be. ;)


Why did their decisions define me in their choices?

You say what you say yet you do not define who I am.

You say what I am but I am not what you say.


Your words do not always equate to worth in my analysis of who I am and the way I should be.


Negative tongues shall pass away.

They shall fall by the sword of their mouth being opposition to the cross. 

My enemies speak well of me to guide me to sheol.


Where is God? Does he exist? If God existed life would be perfect.

Yes it would be but Adam and Eve ate the forbidden fruit. 

God is real but only in specific cases does not override your freewill. 

God will intervene in specific circumstances to help you out of problems, pain points and areas needing change. God is active, not sitting passive doing nothing.

You must act in accordance to my word for myself to answer you but there may be mercy. A mercy prayer of - help me God will always be answered. - Holy spirit tounges

I love it when my enemies curse and act against me. I keep on getting blessed whilst knowing and them  seeing their lives get ruined in reaping in due season.


If you curse an Israelite now known as a Christian you go under Abraham’s blessing and the curse changed from a curse to a blessing. This is conditional as the curse can be lit but you negate it and I didn't tell you it gets God to change them forever. 

(Scripture a curse without a cause can alight)

Genesis 12:3

'I will bless those who bless you, and him who dishonors you I will curse, and in you all the families of the earth shall be blessed.” '



Forgive them and bless them. My way is to forgive them and bless them with wisdom of why their lives are going to suck shit for what they did.

I also tell God to kick them till they repent. It's a blessing so they stop being a dickhead etc.

Personally I tell them:

Tell them to fuck off and change. I don't deserve your abuse or your bullshit. I will force them into repentance no matter what by praying them into repentance. It will happen. 

I am worth what Jesus Christ says of me in God's word. 

Doing proclamation, prayers in Pistou, mediation/thinking on the word, reading, studying  and action are all life changing activities.

You must do this. The Bible done correctly is your cheat code for success with a loving, helpful Father who will give you a rod (The rod is discipline) (God disciplines you when you're in error to bring you to repent Scripture )  because he loves you.


Example proclamations and their effect.

For example: I am more than a conqueror in Christ Jesus. 
Makes you feel strong and competent with a can-do attitude. 

Did this do something? This is power to adapt people in various ways for God's purpose and he wants YOU to do the word and love him whilst he gives you love by providing the method and/or desires of heart.

 For example - I would love to be a successful accountant or marry a hot blonde girl who isn't like Jezebel. (I know some of them are crazy…. Horse girls imo anyway)


When you are sick and weak.

The joy of the Lord is my strength.


Proclaim a scripture once a day as a guideline to encourage yourself to get started. I challenge you to see the difference it makes when you proclaim the scripture/s.

Try it in an area you are struggling in. You can simply google scriptures about love. You'd find a list.

Father himself loves you (paraphrased)
Jesus Christ is unconditional love. Correct translation. Actual (God is love)


You can go on but that's your task to try it for 1 week and see the difference.

I encourage you to keep up your tasks in life but put more effort into the Bible.

I put the hours in choosing the Bible and I deserve my choice

Fuck off this is mine because I worked for it.

You get what you choose and you do not choose for other people. You do not hold weight unless it's with a helping correction to your goals.

I do not want people to speak in a negative light about you when it is not for your gain nor be truthful..

Words have weight but bullies get what they deserve.

You can never beat the Bible but Israelites have more benefits than pagans. Search for the benefits and achieve the requirements like fear of the Lord (pray for if)


Father loves when you do what he said and it's John 16 I think. Look for it.

IF ye love me keep my commandments = the word of God. If you fail a few times you are not under the law.


If = A conditional just like coding if statements.


Their opinions always change, and may not have any truth or validity to their words.

God extremely hates these things. Look into Proverbs 6:16 til the end of the chapter.

Sometimes you  need to have a lying tongue when in a bad situation.

God hates the lie but understands that you could have had an extremely bad time if you needed to live out of a bad situation. 

Lying is not a sin. Everything that is in the law is a sin. (Finish this with law teaching and explaining sin)


Are they competent in what you wish to acquire ?
Are they successful themselves? By the world’s definition I am not successful.

I live by my own definition of success (What’s your inheritance eph.1) but biblical success is the kingdom within + prosperity. (Peace, Joy, Love, Fruit of the Spirit, Money, Favour and/or Favour from God and pure freedom biblically.)

What is yours? Have you ever defined your success but lived in what you felt or thought which may have not been your thought or feeling.

Define it.
Be hungry for the desires of your because God wants to give it to you mat 8:33 but.

You must repent and do what Father God tells you.
It does involve deliverance aka biblical healing in Mat 8:33 and The Kingdom of heaven is within. 


Be hungry for a purpose and chase it as if it was an emergency situation and you to attain it was a non negotiable.


I have no negotiables. Fuck off I ain't taking your shit I'm praying the right way against you.

Piss off. I'm still winning, I ain't in the world? (Ask Father God about in vs of the world)

Enjoy your reaping the Bible consistently when you pick/act as Jesus commanded you (john1) / Life (john 14) / Bible consistently.

Jesus wants you to pick him by sinning and rewards without failure the things of good.

God is not perfect and doesn't tolerate wickedness.


I hate sin.  - From Father God with Holy spirit tongues.


 I command you to do holy spirit tongues to talk about sin / Important life issues / Relationship with Father God. - From Father God with Holy spirit tongues.


YOU MUST FINISH THE TONGUE AS FATHER GOD WANTS TO TALK TO YOU ABOUT YOUR LIFE AND HIS FUTURE PLANS FOR YOU. 

You have input on your life direction but let Father God pick what's best for you. - From Father God with Holy spirit tongues. 

Love is not tolerance. You can lose your salvation on extreme measures which takes a long time for such a thing to happen.

Wept and wail by telling God you're sorry for the time he gives you to make up for you actions.


We are made just like God in his image. The baseplate of consciousness is made in the mirror of God.

Everything that God is, you are in your baseplate minus all the sins including ancestors sins.

You should always listen to your consciousness on any matter and Father God. NO MATTER WHAT.

Words have power to change your life but words that attack you have a negation (quote Matthew bless when cursed). I kept it from you that it also changes the person on the blessing when you forgive and bless. 


Add more on this paragraph ^

You always see God in the biblical rule of Reaping what you sow.

You sow a seed of corn, you reap a harvest of corn. 

This relates to actions/ words that you choose according to the word of God - The Bible. 

You will reap in due season due to your choices in accordance to your action and to the biblical rules of the Bible. 

Freewill for you to choose Life or death, Jesus or Satan (other religions other than the Bible - My personal opinion - no disrespect here to your religion but check the history In accordance to the historical fact). 

Disclaimer - If you do not like this (You do not have to read or listen me, do something else);

I am not interested in forcing my religion or belief system on you but asking in offering an opportunity for you to attempt to have a go of Christianity as per the Bible.

 I am not interested in changing you as that's not my job and it's your life to choose. Just leave me alone if you disagree and if someone evangelises to you about christianity its Jehovah who will change you.

Disclaimer ENDED here- If you do not like this (You do not have to read or listen me, do something else);



Edit - Free will was given at the fall of Adam?
Incorrect - Freewill was always given since the dawn of time of our creation - humanity. 

Choose whom this day of whom you will serve.-  Joshua.

You see God in their actions that they reaped by their own choosing.

For an example - A person who is a pedofile has a curse of isolation and a warning sign in your consciousness to get away from this person.

You choose by sowing what you choose and you reap by your choices excluding Jehovah's freewill to act.

Why does my life suck?

Because you didn't do something required and/or you sowed poorly and/or you have sins of the fathers affecting your life. 

BIBLICAL HEALING / SOZO / SOTERIA / DELIVERANCE FIXES THIS.

DELIVERANCE = Deliver me from the problems / bonds and/or People or/of Satan from sins.

Satan =  Sin = Bondage = Hindering and/or Blocking. 
Satan = Steal, Kill and Destroy your life.
Satan = Opponent of humanity and he is relentless in opposing what he hates which is our creation made to love Father God.

Jesus Christ = Dying on the Cross to be the atonement of Sin moving from Old testament to New testament.



Jesus Christ = Took the penalty for your atonement as the physical event of hell on earth via the cross so you do not fall into sheol or hell.


Jesus took the most painful death temporarily so he could set the captives free from Satan. 

You are completely loved by his pain and death on the cross.


Jesus took hell on earth via every point of abuse with one of the most painful execution methods ever known to mankind

SO YOU

Had atonement aka removal of sins via his blood shed on the cross

SO YOU


Did not go to hell for eternity because Father God loved you so much to make sure you can be forgiven in mercy to the law standards with an upgrade of the Old testament.


So you no longer have your minds blinded to the truth as you were perishing due to a lack of knowledge 

EPH 4. Mandatory reading/audio bible from Father God.  
(Might win a prize - Does Jesus Christ give incentives or what?) 

SO YOU


DO NOT EVER SEE HELL.


 Commanded to do his word so you remain in his freedom. You are incomplete without the Holy spirit/Holy Wind. Something will always be missing without the Holy spirit/Holy Wind.it. Do not abuse or forget his benefits. 

For Jesus Christ died for you not to go to Sheol/hell.

The Holy Spirit is your advocate to war, for helping you out, finding a better life and is always for your gain as your best friend as a helper according to his biblical principles. 

You are commanded to do as Jesus Christ said in John 14

Remember to apply PBS - If there is a problem you find and do the biblical/beneficial solution. 

Did you know if you do the bible you will always find a blessing? That’s incentive to do the bible, not just read the bible.

(sorry was it Matt 5:13) - Actually Mat. 5:11  
Blessed are you when people insult you, persecute you and falsely say all kinds of evil against you because of me.


If they slander you they are blessing you and cursing themselves under Abraham's blessing.


This is based on Abraham’s blessing + when Baalim cursed Israel
 (Numbers chapter 23 and 24) and Father God Changed it to a blessing from a Curse. 
 

but 

They shall fall by the swords of their mouths in reaping by cursing you and you're blessed as Father God chooses for your life from his hand. 
