The Mountain will Move.

 IMPORANT ASF - I can be wrong - Hebrews 11 - Holy spirit is your best teacher.


Life Sucks sometimes and that's just life.

In Matthew 17:20 you have a mountain. It's not hard to move a mountain with Pistuo.


Faith + Action + No Doubt and unbelief. (God's Faith, English version)



A Boy who was deaf and dumb. (Child who has learning disabilities, main culprit of addictions.. etc similar)


He manifested a fit of epilepsy (Witchcraft usually or fear.)



Tried to murder him many times from young. Generational Curses or Familiar spirits (Spirits that Come down the family tree)


Why couldn't the disciples cast the demon out? In the story the fit happened and usually its hard to deal with epilepsy occurring.

They had faith that was not complete due to fear. You either have faith or fear neither one at the same time for example a balancing scale.

The Equation of Faith
Faith or fear (feeling in stomach)
Faith or doubt and unbelief (you cant be enough in life )
Faith or anxiety

You must cast these 3 things out as they hinder your life.

Fear, anxiety, doubt and unbelief


In the word is said.

17 Then Jesus answered and said, “O faithless and perverse generation, how long shall I be with you? How long shall I bear with you? Bring him here to Me.” 18 And Jesus rebuked the demon, and it came out of him; and the child was cured from that very hour.



So was healed on pure pistuo Faith + Action + No Doubt and unbelief. (God's Faith, English version)
but the disciples were rebuked because of Doubt and unbelief.

if you have pistuo as a mustard seed, you will say to this mountain, ‘Move from here to there,’ and it will move; and nothing will be impossible for you.
I know it can be cherry picked out of context but here you go.
A mountain is a problem symbolically in the bible you're dealing with.
Lack of money
Lack of jobs
lack of happiness
**lack of ????????

Pray a prayer of pistuo.**
DO something about your life.






YOUR MOUNTAIN WILL MOVE NO MATTER WHAT. GOD'S WORD NEVER RETURNS VOID. TRY IT? Are you just reading or are you doing like in James 1?


A double minded man is unstable in all his ways. - Yes it is mental illness (Psychosis is always double minded.) but also can be in-between two decisions not going one path (Saying don't go to school then going to school for example). A single minded man.



1 James, a servant of God and of the Lord Jesus Christ, to the twelve tribes which are scattered abroad, greeting.

2 My brethren, count it all joy when ye fall into divers temptations;

3 Knowing this, that the trying of your faith worketh patience.

4 But let patience have her perfect work, that ye may be perfect and entire, wanting nothing.

5 If any of you lack wisdom, let him ask of God, that giveth to all men liberally, and upbraideth not; and it shall be given him.

6 But let him ask in faith, nothing wavering. For he that wavereth is like a wave of the sea driven with the wind and tossed.

7 For let not that man think that he shall receive any thing of the Lord.

8 A double minded man is unstable in all his ways.



It is not. 

I might have it.
I possibly have it.
Will i have it?

Does God's word say maybe? It does have conditions. God is waiting on you to do your part of the equation of the bible. Pray about that?

God always does his job no matter what and if its not answered your way god has other plans because its god.

IT IS.

I will have this.
I must have this.
I am not quitting for my mountain to move.
Thank you jesus that my miracle happened.

So command your miracle for this to be a reality.





Walk on the water - sure..........





Jesus and peter did walk on the water but thats super anointed stuff.. Crazy asf. Feeling a feeling of a conviction; its your best friend?


So yeah... Jesus is walking on the water and they're in fear. 

When the disciples saw him walking on the lake, they were terrified. “It’s a ghost,” they said, and cried out in fear.

No faith in fear like above.

Jesus immediately said to them: “Take courage! It is I. Don’t be afraid.” Speaking to your heart or body can help you be happy (Joy of the lord is my strength - Sword is the word of God eph 6.) Weld your weapon and steer your life.




“Lord, if it’s you,” Peter replied, “tell me to come to you on the water. - Jesus said come.


Then Peter got down out of the boat, walked on the water and came toward Jesus. 

Stupidity or fk it im jumping and doing this shit can....... clearly can lead to some of the greatest faith ever? Somehow....



Pistuo here was.
A decision to say lord if it be you I will come walk to you.
PETER - God's Faith (pistuo) on the word COME. 
Action where he got out of the boat and walked to Jesus. 

Spiritually the water is the spirit.


Like the mountain a problem arose like the winds blew. (Strong winds - stronger waves)

But when he saw the wind, he was afraid and, beginning to sink, cried out, “Lord, save me!”


Lacked Faith and fear dropped him from faith into fear and he sank. Just like your prayers can be without faith as the equation.



The NT is based on Love, Grace and Pistuo. 

 “Lord, save me!”
A prayer of mercy of lord save me will always avail.



31 Immediately Jesus reached out his hand and caught him. “You of little faith,” he said, “why did you doubt?”

Doubt cut his prayer and action down here. Although its not actually a prayer in context its a real time lived event as an example to your life. Prayer is a way to discern it? Holy spirit shall show you if you ask, seek and knock. 




Yep thanks guys.

