Evangelism strats. - Hebrews 11 - Give the REPO LINK and Help them if they need it but don't force it on them.

You do not have to correct them on sin if they're pagan. That's Gods job on that IMO.


SCRIPTURE. watering

Hit and run.


You do something nice for a person and you say a simple scripture to them like. Jesus loves you.

p2\

Give a joke or a compliment then tell them jesus loves you or a good scripture they would like.



Why bother dealing with demons when god will water the people to save them in a certain period of time. They feel good and like it. 

They remember what you said because its rare for a good genuine compliment.


Grenade 


IDGAF.

Just say a scripture in a public place and they get watered?




The miracle agreement.- Remember to tell the demons to stop manifesting in jesus name. Give yourself or them wisdom prayers before you talk to them no witchcraft prayer. (I just thought of this idea so ahhhh lazy me. :) Where did i do the shuffle? )



use it for people your semi close to or friends. Don't go over the top as a beginner or decide to be annoying. Just do it casually sorry to the jehovahs witnesses or door to door salesman. DO NOT BE A door to door salesman evangelist giving something they do not want.


Its based on 2 or more gathered if you agree on earth it shall be done. SCRIPTURE.

Go to a close friend or someone semi related you like. Do not forget a prophet without honour scripture.


Means you are not as received by your kin or family in your home suburb etc.


Ask them simply. Would you believe in Jesus if you got a miracle by Friday or said day.

Yeah i would. Well it cannot be healing if 13 or over as legal rights. 


If they want their kids healed (under 13) or something great. Help prompt them for something they personally like. 




Amazing. DO NOT FORCE THEM TO BE CHRISTIAN BUT ASK LATER IF THEY WANT IT. You get them watered anyway.

Ask god what way to do the saving part and you can activate word of knowledge stuff.




Before and After healing. Help prompt them for something they personally like.

Ask them if they're wanting to know what life is like healed of their problems of infirmity, bad thoughts, feelings etc.




Amazing. DO NOT FORCE THEM TO BE CHRISTIAN BUT ASK LATER IF THEY WANT IT. You get them watered anyway.


Show them a miracle.


If its a nice day give them a nice sunset and just sow the seed that jesus loves them or something - lead through saving thing
Get creative and get ideas on such things that you can show them.

Deliverance in public is not normally a good thing due to privacy

but if you can heal a non demonic thing (like i hurt my ankle walking see nondemonic.txt (progression.txt)) for example (please seek holy spirit on this its situationally hard) this is an example. Pull someone out of a wheel chair for example.





SAVING THEM

Sinner's prayer is a good one. Ask jesus to save you and help me change my life, give me holy spirit and try to organise a fully submerged baptism.


It can just be in a bath.

Baptise.txt or Just do a bomb into the water and baptise in the name of father, son, holy spirit.
