Greek version of Faith (Actual faith for miracles)= PISTIS /  pistuo (verb)
Get out of the boat in pistuo
If you step out the boat, God will always answer your faith with a step himself.
The bible is reality and fact if you do it in PISTUO
You must take action as
 Faith without works is DEAD
If you do nothing, nothing happens.
unless your waiting on god with praise
Sow bad, get bad - Sow good, get good
Prayers always answered just waiting to become real.



Obstacles to Faith
Fear: Creates spiritual "double-mindedness" (James 1:6-8)
Unbelief: "Little leaven leavens the whole lump" (Gal 5:9)
Religious Tradition: Man-made rules that nullify God's power (Mark 7:13)
Intellectualism: Over-reliance on human reasoning vs childlike trust (Carnaility)
No Action to your faith (James 2:17)



Pistuo = Miracles. Actual / Simple Definition = God’s Faith (Pure faith) = No doubt and unbelief, Action (Verb) & Faith

Example prayers. 

In jesus thank you father to Wisdom and hit them to repentance. (great for bad kids)
Hit them and Wisdom them and help them to repent. (great for bad kids)
God Give me all the wisdom i need thank you and i love you father in jesus amen.
I want a big change in 1 year in jesus name thank you amen.



Ask in Jesus name john 14:13
Pslam 100
Pray simply + Execution doesn’t matter but add lots of faith to it.
Pray once per type of prayer unless anxiety  (More than once is doubt and unbelief - Wigglesworth) 
Praise ALOT for knocking + action (Relationship matters and motive for prayer) - 
Pray as if it was an object in your hand - Pray as if it was already yours.
Pray as if God has already given your prayer
Jesus is petitioning for you - Greater is he that is in you, than he that is in the world.
Pray as if you were a kid getting a present on Christmas (Be like a kid in faith)
DOING
Reduce how important the prayer is (From an ex occultist but Christian version). Make the prayer value little or small but not care about it but be thankful when you get it.
Hebrews 4:16 - Let us come, therefore, with boldness, to the throne of grace, that we may receive mercy, and find grace to help in every time of need.
DO IT OR ELSE ITS USELESS
Practice it a lot till you make it a constant part of your life
 Constantly Improve and adjust where your prayers aren’t getting miracles 
Praise God at the start of it. Thank you and bless ya.
Pray in a group of 2+ its always answered 100% of the time - matt 18:19
Pistuo.
Smelly sock prayer.
Your Father knows those things that you have need of before your asking Him
Pray simply matt 6:8 - ACTION is the secret - DO IT


